90s Grunge
Nirvana: Nirvana was an American rock band formed by singer and guitarist Kurt Cobain and bassist Krist Novoselic in Aberdeen, Washington, in 1987. Nirvana went through a succession of drummers, the longest-lasting being Dave Grohl, who joined in 1990.
Pearl Jam: Pearl Jam is an American rock band formed in Seattle, Washington, in 1990. Since its inception, the band's line-up has consisted of Eddie Vedder, Mike McCready, Stone Gossard and Jeff Ament.
Alice in Chains: Alice in Chains is an American rock band formed in Seattle, Washington, in 1987 by guitarist/vocalist Jerry Cantrell and drummer Sean Kinney, who then recruited bassist Mike Starr and lead vocalist Layne Staley.
Soundgarden: Soundgarden is an American rock band formed in Seattle, Washington, in 1984 by singer and rhythm guitarist Chris Cornell, lead guitarist Kim Thayil, and bassist Hiro Yamamoto.
Hole: Hole was an American alternative rock band that formed in Los Angeles, California in 1989 by singer and guitarist Courtney Love and lead guitarist Eric Erlandson.

Modern Alternative
Hippo Campus: Hippo Campus is an indie rock band from St. Paul, Minnesota. They are signed to Grand Jury Records in the United States and Transgressive Records in the UK.
Night Riots: Night Riots is an American alternative rock band from San Luis Obispo, California. Formed in 2010, the band consists of Travis Hawley, Nick Fotinakes, Matt DePauw, Mikel Van Kranenburg, and Rico Rodriguez.
Remo Drive: Remo Drive is an American emo band from Bloomington, Minnesota. The band consists of brothers Eric Paulson, Stephen Paulson, and Sam Mathys.
Sorority Noise: Sorority Noise is an American rock band from Hartford, Connecticut. The band consists of members from the bands Old Gray and Prawn.
The Obsessives: The Obsessives is an American Indie Rock/Emo Pop band from Washington, D.C..

Indie Pop
Smallpools: Smallpools is an US-based indie pop band that formed in 2013. The band consists of Sean Scanlon, Mike Kamerman, and Beau Kuther. 
COIN: Coin is an American indie pop band formed in 2012 at Nashville, Tennessee. It currently consists of Chase Lawrence, Ryan Winnen, Joe Memmel and Zachary Dyke.
The Neighbourhood: The Neighbourhood is an American rock band formed in Newbury Park, California in 2011. The band is composed of vocalist Jesse Rutherford, guitarists Jeremy Freedman and Zach Abels, bassist Mikey Margott, and drummer Brandon Alexander Fried.
Handsome Ghost: Handsome Ghost is the solo project of American musician Tim Noyes. The musical style could be described as haunting yet beautiful synth and vocals, among other various digitalized instruments.
The Heirs: The Heirs are an LA indie-pop band consisting of members Brandon Hudson, Alex Flagstad, Savannah Hudson, Brennan Benko, Eian McNeely. 

Post Hardcore
Bring Me The Horizon: Bring Me the Horizon, often known by the acronym BMTH, are a British rock band from Sheffield, South Yorkshire. They consist of the members Oliver Sykes, Jordan Fish, Lee Malia, Matt Nicholls, Jona Weinhofen, and Curtis Ward.
Asking Alexandria: Asking Alexandria are an English rock band from York, North Yorkshire, consisting of lead vocalist Danny Worsnop, guitarists Ben Bruce and Cameron Liddell, drummer James Cassells and bassist Sam Bettley.
Throw the Fight: Throw the Fight is an American alternative rock band originating from Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Crown the Empire: Crown the Empire is an American rock band formed in 2010 in Dallas, Texas. They have released one EP and three full-length albums.
Of Mice & Men: Of Mice & Men is an American metalcore band from Orange County, California. The band's lineup currently consists of lead vocalist and bassist Aaron Pauley, lead guitarist Phil Manansala, rhythm guitarist Alan Ashby, and drummer Valentino Arteaga.

British Alt Rock
Catfish & the Bottlemen: Catfish and the Bottlemen are an English rock band, formed in
 Llandudno, North Wales in 2007. Their debut album, The Balcony, reached number 10 in 
 the UK Albums Chart and achieved Platinum status on 30 December 2016. 
The 1975: The 1975 are an English rock band originating from Manchester. The group
 consists of lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist Matthew "Matty" Healy, lead guitarist
  Adam Hann, bassist Ross MacDonald, and drummer George Daniel.
Pale Waves: Pale Waves are a female fronted band from the U.K. with four singles 
released to date. They are often seen collaborating with members of The 1975.
Black Foxxes: Black Foxxes are a three piece band fronted by Mark Holley that have
 gained an impressive following the last few years with their debut full 
 length album, "I'm Not Well".
The XCERTS: The Xcerts are a three piece rock band originally formed in Aberdeen,
 Scotland, United Kingdom. They have released three studio albums, with their latest, 
 There Is Only You, peaking at #96 on the UK Albums Chart.